// Arihant Kaul
// BotanyQuestionsFile.txt
// Contains all the questions and the correct answers for each of those questions

What do plants need to grow?
Water (c)
Carbon Dioxide (c)
Oxygen
Soil (c)

What plants are commonly found in their man-altered variants?
Red roses (c)
Potatoes
Bananas (c)
Corn (c)

Which of the following are true about strawberries?
The part that is eaten is the root of the plant
They are not actually berries (c)
The average strawberry has 200 seeds (c)
It is the only fruit with seeds on the outside (c)

Which of the following are true about herbaceous plants?
They include vegetables and houseplants (c)
They are rarely green
They die back to the ground each year (c)
They are most commonly found in the desert

Which of the following do leaves have? 
Openings for passage of gasses and water (c)
Xylem cells (water transport) and phloem cells (food transport)
Veins that carry water and nutrients within the leaves (c)
A waxy cuticle for protection (c)

What do seeds have?
An embryo (a tiny plant) (c)
A stem
A short term food supply for sprouting (c)
An outer seed coat (c)

Which of the following do flowers have?
Petals (c)
An attachment to the stem at the receptacle (c)
Green structures at the base of the flower that protect the bud (c)
A pistil and stamen (c)

Which of the following are true about gymnosperms?
They have seeds, but not flowers (c)
They include conifers (pine trees, firs, junipers) (c)
They are vascular plants (have plant tissues) (c)
All of them eat insects

How do plants defend themselves from predators?
Some have a mat of thick hairs on the surface of their leaves (c)
Some have thorns or spines (c)
Some produce poisonous chemicals (c)
Some detach from the ground and are blown away by the wind

Which of the following have the correct rate of growth listed?
Bamboo, 35 inches in a day (c)
Pine, 40 inches in a day
Saguaro cactus, 1 inch in a day (c)
Venus flytrap, 18 inches in a day

Which of the following float on water?
Apples (c)
Cranberries (c)
Bananas
Coconuts

Which of the following taste the same?
Apples (c)
Onions (c)
Blueberries
Potatoes (c)

Which of the following are true about oak trees?
They don't grow acorns until they are 50 (c)
Some of them produce pineapples
They're struck by lightning more than any other tree (c)
They can sometimes have green bark

Which of the following are members of the rose family?
Strawberries (c)
Peaches (c)
Pears (c)
Jalapenos

What are three fruits that are native to North America?
Cranberries (c)
Raspberries
Concord grapes (c)
Bluberries (c)

Which two species were known in the fossil record before being found alive?
Ginkgo biloba (c)
Giant Sequioa
Pine
Dawn Redwood (c)

What are peanuts?
Fruits
Vegetables
Nuts
Legumes (c)

What are some plants that were named after Greek gods?
Wormwood (Artemisia) (c)
Milkweed (Asclepias) (c)
Hebe (Hebe) (c)
Giant Sequoa (Sequoiadendron giganteum)

What are two plants that smell like rotting meat?
Rafflesia (c)
Purple loosestrife
Titan Arum (c)
Creeping Thistle

What are some plants in the sunflower family?
Daisies (c)
Yarrow (c)
Tulips
Coreopsis (c)

What are some facts about tearing up because of onions?
It's because of sulfuric compounds (c)
It is an emotional reaction triggered by the onion
Chilling and cutting the root end prevents it (c)
It can only happen indoors

What were the two main trees dominating the earth before flowers?
Ferns (c)
Oak (c)
Fruit trees
Cone bearing trees (c)

What are some facts about flowers?
Broccoli is actually a flower (c)
Orchids don't need soil to grow (c)
Sunflowers produce toxic substances that kill nearby plants (c)
Flowers are what are supposed to be eaten

What are some facts about tulips?
The bulbs can be substituted for onions in recipes (c)
The bulbs were more valuable than gold in Holland in the 1600s
They are always a purple color
They have been known to grow quickly

What are some facts about the world's oldest flower?
Discovered in 2002 northeast China (c)
Bloomed 125 million years ago (c)
Named Archaefructus sinensis (c)
Resembles a water lily (c)

What do dandelion flowers and leaves provide?
Vitamins A and C (c)
Calcium (c)
Potassium (c)
Iron (c)

What is Scotland's national flower?
The wild thistle because it slowed down the Vikings during their invasion (c)
The rose because it is a symbol of harmony
The marigold because it is a symbol of joy
The tulip because it is a symbol of peace

What are some facts about roses?
Cultivation began around 500 BC (c)
There are over 100 species (c)
They are originally from the desert 
There are over 30,000 varieties (c)

What are some facts about the Shenzhen Nongke Orchid?
It is the most expensive flower ever sold (c)
They are known for their healing powers
They blooom once every 4 to 5 years (c)
One was sold at an auction for $200,000 (c)

What are some facts about the Blue Cohosh?
It was used by Native American women for labour and childbirth pains (c)
It is also called squaw root and papoose root (c)
Despite the name, its always red
It resembles a blueberry (c)

What are some facts about bamboo?
The flowers are rarely seen (c)
They are harder than steel when fully mature
They are sometimes blue in color
It flowers and produces seeds after reaching its life expectancy (c)

What are some facts about wild celery?
It was used in Europe for hundreds of years as a cure to the plague (c)
It's also called Angelica (c)
It can be over 10 different colors
It is considered a fruit, not a vegetable

What are some facts about lotus flowers?
They were considered sacred by the Egyptians (c)
They bear fruit
They are only ever purple
They thrive in rivers and damp wetlands (c)

What are some facts about yarrow?
It has huge flowers
It can have different colored stems
Achilles was supposedly dipped in yarrow tea (c)
It was used in WWI to aid soldiers' wounds (c)

What are some facts about Mimosa punica?
They can only grow in very high elevations
The leaves fold up upon being touched (c)
They have whitish pink flowers (c)
They can grow on top of other plants

What are some facts about orchids?
They're native to North America
They've been the national flower of Colombia since 1936 (c)
Colombia has 2,010 species of them (c)
They can only be found in extremely cold climates